Maybe you only got two minutes and you wanna make a cookie.
First thing we're gonna do, are we're gonna take
some softened butter, kinda get it in here.
This is more about those times you get those cravings
and you don't want like 10 cookies,
but you just want something sweet that'll hit those spots.
Add in some brown sugar.
And then you wanna mix this
until it's essentially a smooth paste.
So next is your wet ingredients.
You're gonna take your egg and your vanilla
and just kinda go in.
It's essentially the same steps
as making a normal chocolate chip cookie
except you're just dealing with smaller amounts.
I didn't say this was gonna be the easiest thing to make,
but it beats having to whisk
a whole giant bowl of this stuff.
After that, flour.
No matter how many times I make chocolate chip cookies,
I always end up spilling.
Going with some salt and some chocolate chips.
You actually wanna save a handful
because we're gonna decorate the top of the cookie
to have more chocolate on top.
So the rest go inside.
It looks like chocolate chip cookie dough.
That's because it is.
Oh, yeah, that's good.
You want a plate that is pretty large,
like a normal dinner plate, some parchment as well
because the parchment is gonna help
prevent the cookie from sticking.
And we're gonna scoop a nice big scoop of cookie dough
because, man, this stuff's good.
All right, kinda like that.
'Cause you also wanna decorate the top
with a little bit more chocolate.
And the key here is to actually clump them together.
When it starts to cook, and you'll see this,
it'll start to spread.
It's like studding a watch with jewelry,
except the diamonds crunch chocolate chips.
I'm gonna say that this cookie
contains a lot of the drip
as I've heard in some of the songs.
This is gonna go in for about a minute and 30 seconds
and we're gonna see how it goes.
Looks pretty nice.
He looks like a nice old chocolate chip cookie.
Almost like the clip art version.
I'm gonna peel this off.
It's a nice chewy little cookie we have over here.
This is your 2-Minute cookie
which is done in the microwave,
which I think is pretty awesome.